- He slept?
- Yes, I go to bed.
The R. Kelly always
do tricks.
I think Evan begins
and removes blackheads.
You know how when you put talcum powder in
there's bottom should just throw the
you should rub
and the anus as well.
Around the
anus. The "Got it.
I think it should be
I'm going for a bath.
Okay baby, go.
Not this time.
Come ...
Okay, here we are.
- You are very naughty boy, right?
- Clearly!
Sorry, I guilty!
He has so much
that hurts ...
I know, but I
do anything about it.
- Yes!
- So, Dad! Give Dad all!
- Dad ...
Evan, what the hell?
You open doors and now?
- I saw a monster.
- What?
Put finger in my kolara!
- Yes, damn! Yes!
- No ...
chyseis I want to be around me ...
My God!
Evan, do not touch!
No!
- Dad, vava ...
- What ...
My God, do not
t move, stay here.
Dad needs
a bandage!
Michelle?
Mom, Dad, you okay?
PERFORMANCE DIALOGUE
.. :: Marios1909 & Goutsos :: ..
MODiFiCA Di ~ N3krA
Jim Levenstin.
Even you can hire
a secretary?
KEB, sorry I will
I just called a bit ...
Busy?
The "Got it.
It will tell you quickly.
You're in for a reunion?
- Wait, it really will happen?
- Yes, my big boy, look at facebook.
I know I got lost after
all married.
But it seems
people go.
- Hey hon.
- Hello!
- Mmm, it smells wonderful!
- Hey, Ellie.
Hi Jim!
Come on with their jobs
here you go
To see the Housewives
In Despair.
How could I forget?
KEB, you know what the
My favorite housewife? You!
Very funny!
Look, I love my wife but
I want a week with children.
Come we go a few days earlier,
without Stifler this time.
- You, me, Oz, Finch ...
- Yeah, good luck with that.
Because I heard that neither the mother
Finch has no idea who they are.
And Oz, come say seriously
since it has so many jobs?
And we're back in
Sports Update with a
special guest,
by Chad O. J.. Sinko.
Chad, what college
football team
will have more signings
in this transfer window period;
Mallow team had something to say.
Come on, man! What O. J. smoke.;
Think  not know about
what I'm talking about;
Do me a favor and
see the tape ...
I got my baby!
to stay with us to discuss
with my guest, Sinko.
I'm Chris
Oltnstraiker and you
recall playing
paichtoures like!
A?
My God is so funny!
Hey baby!
- I watched the show earlier.
- Yes?
- Is everything okay?
- You tell me.
Are you alone in
Jacuzzi with a cool.
Nteson worry about?
How sweet!
The decorator is Nteson
interiors that you say.
Hi Christopher! Relax
dear and come with us!
Maybe next time Nteson.
THE DANCE  CELEBRITIES
I can not understand why
We need interior decorator.
But the house should be shown
perfect for photography.
Baby, trust me.
Remember do not want to go
in "Dancing With The Stars;
Remember how many contacts we made.
A, I almost forget!
Mario Lopez makes an
commemorative party.
- I told him to go.
- Basic ...
I thought maybe I was
to be joined by
children from high school,
this weekend.
- If you go, I will too.
- Seriously?
- Yes.
- Ok ...
- One, to call for something rumors.
- Damn. We talk to her.
Why get in
MORI mobile harlot?
Want to get your
anything, Christopher?
Good morning colleagues
and malakismena!
- Bretzi, give some love!
- What does Stifler?
Ladies, do not need
to work hard
you hired
show why ...
So basically ... you ...
You do not ... ...
Well it serious?
Bob, what are you doing here? Not
did you know that bird?
- What?
- In working hours!
Or maybe not?
Coffee for the beautiful lady?
Of course, thanks.
Tell me if you want and milk!
Hey you too!
What are you doing?
Well I'm  Stifmaister, because you
and the first are the best!
- Of course I am the best ...
- Yes you are!
I love you so much that I want
you can get a tsimpoukaki now.
How about YOU?
Yes!
What the hell are you doing?
Geez!
Sorry sir Ntourosouami.
I was trying to ...
To clean.
I told you
prints in the mornings
appointment and the
put it in my office.
And you we settled
like home?
- No, I just thought I ..
- Yes ... blah blah
Not paying you to think.
- You are provisional.
- Yeah, about that.
I feel that acclimated
fine here.
Really, huh?
Thank you
tell me how you feel.
Would you mind to you
I say that I feel?
I feel that the sooner
understand that you're the asshole here ...
... And the boss ...
The better ...
will be for you.
- Bollocks ...
- What?
Nothing! Nothing
Sir Ntourosouami.
Bollocks ...
You know, we have
discuss yet ...
The issue ... the bathtub ...
What? Oh, that?
Do not worry about it.
I mean, obviously ...
I'd rather ... I was this
that made you feel so.
I know how you feel.
Whenever I want to shop
Online and I go to Amazon. com
the site, "Julia
and her friends ". com
discarded each time.
"Julia and ..." what?
Okay, look, obviously ...
Will ... need to spend
more well together ...
I promise you that
this week
there will be lots
time for 'us both.
Okay?
Hi sweetheart.
How nice to see.
- Hey Dad.
- Hi, my son, come here.
- No ... Look who it is!
- Look who came to us!
My God!
Look how he grew up.
Someone has kakakia
in diapers!
Jim?
I can not believe
that is you.
I do not remember, right?
Remember the teletampis
Thursdays?
Kara?
My God!
What
There ...
Not a girl anymore.
Not long ago
I needed a nanny.
I can not believe it
how you ... developed.
Thank you. Basically
I get 18 tomorrow.
Come to my party.
Em, not tomorrow.
I want to come too!
- Kara, we have to go.
- Okay, relax.
This is A.J.
Do not ask ...
I hope I'll see you tomorrow.
- What?
- Who the hell was that?
- Come on, baby.
- Come on.
- On what he would speak?
- Was ... A neighbor chick.
Hello, my old friend ...
The thought to fly, but
have great sentimental value.
Yes ...
Jim ... Jim ... Jim ...
I remember you were a kid
and now you have a kid.
I know.
And before you know it,
will become a teenager.
And you will learn about the
... masturbation ...
You know, all the "must"
and "should not"
that has to do
with the bird.
All right.
I hope by then to have
developed and other ...
All right. I understand ...
You know, it is still
two years, so
I will not
talking about his penis.
- How are you, Dad?
- Well.
Yes? What to do
time passes you?
Do you see any new
film of the SMP;
You know your mother and
I saw many films.
3 years passed after she died.
Certainly there will be a
to watch movies together.
I've got you now, go and see
together a movie tonight, me and you.
Tonight? Difficult, because I have arranged
with children.
To meet them tonight,
the bar, but ...
No need to do tonight but
I can arrange for tomorrow ...
No. No. No. No. No.
So you came here, is not it?
No, no, no, go.
I'll be fine.
You sit through tonight
and nothing to read.
Not like that.
No.
Although I had read a lot
interesting article
something Brazilian.
These pages have
stick all together.
I've.
- KEB!
- Hello!
- What are you doing, man?
- Jim!
Children.
There he is!
You did it!
I lost your marriage, but there was
if I lose and reunification.
What does D man?
- Glad to see you.
- And I my friend.
You look fine.
Look at how you are.
Come stop now!
- Main ...
- Finch? Finch!
- God.
- Glad to see you, James.
- Hey, Jim.
- We are happy to see you.
What does my friend?
After the problems I had in
Beijing moved to Dubai.
And then I turned
the world upside down.
After 2009 I was living with
Aboriginal something.
I did a
honorary sign.
It seems to hurt it.
It seems to hurt
it does hurt, KEB.
Since I travel with
machine in South America.
So, you're the most interesting
man in the world.
Let me guess. Welcome
for the reunion, right?
You got it!
Class of '99.
I've seen you somewhere?
- Yes, I appear on television.
- No, not you, but you.
The person you
are very familiar.
Yes! You're the one, right?
I swear that the
I had forgotten that.
How many times played
seeing this video?
Leave him alone! I bet that
then you were all still virgins!
- Selina Bacon.
- You're Selina Bacon?
- It does not matter.
- The Selina has a shop that is ...
Wait a minute.
Her friend Michelle the band?
- You got it!
- Sorry, not in recognition.
You look ...
... Different.
The next round is on us
from me, okay guys?
This theogkomena
was a band?
It is the first
I want to weekend
there and spend the
I want to be special.
I want the bulb part
and filled with drinks.
And be sure
that you will not be in
our feet, sunday
evening, because I intend
bring something soft
of reunification and
we want to drink,
without you being there.
The "catch?
First of all, Stephen,
is my home.
You're lucky to
I let you stay here.
You wanted to grab a job
and set I caught.
Let me at least
home for the weekend.
My house, theirs
my rules.
As for tonight
if you want to take risks and
to see your mother as you do not want
I suggest to xenychtiseis.
Mercy.
Barmaid, bring
me a Budweiser.
What the hell
re doing here zoadia?
- You did it!
- What did it?
- What do you mean?
I sent e-mail, two
days before the reunion.
You know, you might put
2 "f" in Stifmaister.
- What?
- Sorry.
Two F;
Dumb.
Yes ...
Kevin is a pussy
this in your face?
Come on now ...
Stifler, I look just fine.
What are you doing these days?
- I work in Multinational JBH.
- Very large corporation.
- What are you doing?
- You know now ...
Investment bullshit ...
So our economic
system is completely dissolved.
Nice scarf. See
ZARA learned re.
How is the mother
you, Stifler?
Stay away from the
My mother, my chicken shit.
Okay children,
past is past.
You can drop
black stone behind him.
Yes, there gamietai.
E kaflaki, get our shots
for me and mine.
- Fuck you, Stifler!
- How the hell knows my name?
- Art!
- God, Stifler ...
The Ugly Duckling
transformed into a swan.
Let me see.
Currently I put the finger, this
is hairy and has big boobs.
Here it is!
I'm starting and dripping ...
The first Tsibouki ...
The nickname,
Lonnie was, Stifler.
With shouting, "Large swarms."
It was the mouth
I escaped.
- Last orders.
- From Now?
Wait here children.
The list of wishes
of graduates.
List of wishes?
I do not remember it.
Yes, my asshole is
the silly book
had to write what you want
we have in our future.
- Did you write anything a member?
- To see.
CHRIS OSTRAIKER "
Hopes to be
coach the team
Lacrosse sons. "
Not too sweet?
I thought I would have
family so far.
Want to see what you got
You write, Finch?
Yes.
FINTS: "I hope to find
the "my big Amore."
Yes. True love.
But even to know what
mean normal relationship.
Yes, because to the fucks
Stifler's mother does not count.
Let's see what you wrote, KEB.
MAGIERS Kevin: "I hope to stay
even with the amazing Vicky. "
Vicky?
Your wife should
be proud of.
- When I went out with Vicky then.
- Seriously?
To see what I wrote.
JIM LEVENSTIN ...
"I hope to have sexual
Ricky Martin's life. "
I guess you did not know
then, it's gay.
Jim, it's good you found a
woman who had sex like 12 teams.
Perhaps you have had sex
more and all of us together.
- I guess ... I do not know ..
- I hope you are thirsty children.
The Stifler is back!
Stifler, are
too much. Do not you think?
Find your balls and turn
the scrotum you.
I say to the party
continue in
weekend to
become poutanaki us.
To partaroume together
To do that shit
we did then.
- As old.
- Yes!
That's why I'm here.
Without concepts, without
Our housewives.
We have another opportunity.
It is the 13th reunion.
I was hoping to spend and
time with his wife.
Dude, what are you talking about?
Of course I am inside.
Come on.
Then, gentlemen, I hope everyone
be worn once.
Why this weekend
will fuck the stitches.
What the hell?
Damn ...
- Hello ...
- What happened?
- I do not remember anything.
- You blame.
- How much watered them last night?
- Seriously, not much.
You must clean
all this before we go to the lake.
What
At the lake?
Yes, the lake, man.
Idea was yours.
We discussed
this last night.
- Lake, yes.
- Jim, can you
give paper napkins,
please?
- These napkins?
- Yes, the paper.
Paper napkins, Jim.
Jim, how are you?
Really sorry.
Jim, you know that
lid is transparent, right?
He is the father
my child!
- Hey ... malakistiri
- What was that?
All right.
Geez ...
I am wrong, or was this part
more fun when you were young?
No, I think it is
remain the same.
Simply we grew up.
We were so we
curious as kids now?
No. We, the generation that,
we were more mature.
Guys, look!
MounoKarcharias!
Take it back.
My God, still staring at you?
- Yes.
- Yes, staring.
They could not
be more considerate?
Let them enjoy a little.
They do not see every day
a model on the beach.
We long to rub
pepper to Levenstin house.
- Why not?
- I do not know, I am a mother now.
Please now,
because you're mother is not
means that there must
and just have fun.
Do you remember a time in camp
that we put cream on each other.
Yes, yes, I remember!
But just keep it in
memories that, okay?
This solves ...
We have to solve,
otherwise it leaves stripes.
- They look the tits on the sides.
- Well.
Come ...
You're lucky, Oz.
Okay kids, I think we all
We're just ... lucky.
This is Heather?
Yes, that is.
Yes.
- Heather.
- Chris.
- Hello.
- What are you doing here?
It seems to me that we had
the same idea, right?
Chris, this is
Ron, my boy.
Chris Ostraiker, Ron Douglas,
I was glad to meet you.
And I do the same.
Ron is a cardiologist
My hospital.
- A cardiologist?
- Listen, friends call me Dr. Ron,
- Ron D'or-Andron. Call me as you like.
- Okay.
Come on D where are you?
Tetragonomagoulakia?
And I am glad that
I see you, Stifler.
- Who is the friend?
- I'm her boyfriend.
You two jumped and
you both jumped.
It should be very
strange to you all!
Just got ...
Someone stole my bra!
Give me back!
This is my girlfriend!
And this and that.
What do you think?
Come on guys,
not nice.
And what do
so re assholes?
What was interesting though.
- Should not you do something?
- No, like what to do?
It should be
fall to their level.
Screw it.
- I know exactly where they go.
- Stifler?
Where the hell is it?
Guys, all this is nonsense.
I can not sit here any longer.
- Why do not we go back?
- Come on.
- Let the game do Stifler.
- Yes, so I'm afraid.
You saw the eyebolts them?
Cancel.
One of these types
was the nanny of the skull.
Which of everyone?
He seemed to
with Adam Sandler.
I hope to Stifler
not do anything crazy.
All you do is
them to chant one hand.
Me said he would
chalage the jet ski them.
Ma said he would
pee jug.
Wait a minute, I told my
that they would steal the beer.
A re Stifler ...
Wait, he is.
Yes, get the beers.
Fast, Stifler.
Go.
- What?
No no no, my God!
Still think that
Kara will sit you tonight?
He said he expects to
become 18, you do the operations.
But my friend, you put the dick
in your pussy, 0 times!
My God, it's disgusting!
What are you doing?
Kakakia!
Quick, go!
Jonathan!
Go do it!
Go, go!
- Do you want another beer?
- Of course.
Guys, I tell you
that today will be
The day that I have promised.
What the hell?
E panivlaka!
Stifler, you're crazy?
Geez Stifler.
What happened to "simply
steal the beer? "
I know, this is
far better.
What
But to destroy
of the jet ski?
We splash.
And so ...
Come children now
because it was fun.
Yes it can be had in high school
plate, is now a felony.
Only if we get caught.
I can say that the
deserved retaliation.
We must learn to respect
their elders.
Exactly!
Give me a minute, I want to
I'm going to throw something rouketidia.
Disgust.
- What does the class of '99?
- My God!
Vicky!
- Hello!
- Hey!
- I can not believe you did that!
- Yes, last night I came from New York.
I live with my parents still there.
Talking about you earlier.
Seriously?
Why
For then we are caught doing
we did the waterfall.
The waterfall, I have
I go too many years!
Many romantic
stories to the waterfalls.
Very romantic.
Yes, I played the first
my shit to the waterfalls.
Ok ...
- Come on, baby!
- Honey ...
Say with the children
go to the waterfall.
And what about the time
the "Jim and Michelle"?
I thought I would
was more romantic.
I would like, but we leave
your father alone all day.
Yes, you're right.
Well, we'll go another time.
- No, go and have fun
- Seriously?
But when you get back home
Being ready for anything.
- You being ready for everything!
- I will!
Stifler, you know that going?
I know this place
like my dick.
It looks like a party school.
In high school chicks!
- It is terrible!
- Watch your steps, your chief.
Most girls
I have a half years.
I know.
Okay, my idea is
or indeed girls
Nowadays,
more kariolakia?
Sure is. Sex
puberty, parties
with tripakia, naked photos
no longer exist
Catholic girls.
Happy Birthday!
- Jim?
- Kara.
- Finally came!
- Yes.
I'm sorry.
Happy Birthday.
My God, this
are you the nanny?
Sounds like
I am a super hero.
faster than sphere and
stronger than the kwstasna.
- I said that is funny.
- And adorable!
Jim, would not
recommend to your friends?
No.
Girls, here is Stifler.
Since you know the
My buddy Jim?
Jim was my nanny.
Once I'd go for
birthday shots.
Want to come?
- No, no, no.
- Yes, yes, yes.
I never
had sex in public.
Seriously?
None of you?
Come if you do not
You do not even once
you are so Puritan.
Or simply do not have
sex in public.
Okay, I have
never participated in the orgy.
It was very nice guys.
Believe it or not, this
is the first party to go.
You have not lost too much.
We always prefer to sit
home and listening to radio.
You were much more cool
from me though.
I sat and wrote stories
for X-Files.
I translated the "Brothers
Karamazov "in Latin ...
... For fun.
It's very sexy.
I know it is.
I work all these
years as an architect
from home.
You're in the same company here
and 10 years is fuck.
All to hear your doing well.
Yes, everything is going well.
Especially in business.
But when you come to your city
and see all your friends
being married with children
just makes me ...
... To think.
Are you okay, kid?
Yes, so do not drink anymore.
You tell me that you have
do not just head
Myers in the home,
no wine night?
I see a monitor
my profile in Facebook.
At least I do not I make
photos on my knees.
Who monitors what now?
Okay, maybe I entered
your profile once or twice.
Going out with someone
who say, Alejandro?
He knows he can put and
no photos
shirt over it?
The Alejandro has
finished long ago.
Too bad huh?
Okay, after this
drink will go home.
Jim, here is a 18 year old
kaflaki that the nannies.
And you do not
anything about it?
Let me remind you that I am
married to Michelle?
Exactly.
Dude, do these kaflakia
crazy things in bed.
That learn from Kara ...
Go home ...
and do it with Michelle.
Cares about
your marriage, so Jim?
What are you talking Stifler?
Fraud will not be my wife.
I am a father,
for God's sake.
Yes, it is perfect.
The worship gkomenakia
their fathers.
He continued to
Throw the tale.
Is not a fairytale,
is the truth!
- How about here?
- You know now ...
Jim told us how
that was fun to watch.
Why not go
to drink a little?
No need, we could
to do together.
- Yes, that is Stifler.
- To become a dad.
Stifler!
Well, apparently me and
You have an exciting life.
Sometimes a little too bold.
Yes, I am inclined to more
conservative side.
- But ...
- Hello.
Let me be frank, Chris.
I have been a little bolder.
Where to go Ron?
I'm not from these
that make "changes".
But if you go back to
Heather, makes it more normal.
Well, what do you think?
As if to agree?
Come do your plate.
Just kidding!
Seriously, would not
never did that.
Unless you like it.
They really have gone all
the countries of South America?
No, not at all.
And do not include
countries of French Guiana.
I remember how I expected
and that the graduation
to leave this country
and find myself.
Certainly
you found yourself.
I do not know ...
There is a place inside me that still
wishes to explore the world.
- To become that I wanted to be.
- You can become anything you want.
You just have to become.
- Want to fasothoume?
- Yes!
Are you crazy? Love
the books "Twilight".
The "New Moon" is
my favorite.
- And me the same!
- My God, look how much we have in common!
- I know!
- You want a "fine"?
- And when two lotteries.
I do not know who they are, but drowning
to work this time.
Sorry for the
interruption, Stafler.
I did not know how the Paralympics
Games were held today.
- Damn.
- What the hell are you doing?
Smothered with
on your own dick?
Nothing runs.
What can I do
for you, sir?
The assistant to Bob,
had a heart attack.
Someone told him that stupid
flipare discharged and do not know.
I want someone to finish
the presentation.
I want to go Sunday and
to prepare everything, okay?
Wait a minute, Sunday I
reunification with children of high school.
A, how nice, then we get the
President and we will arrange another day.
- Really? It was fuck!
- Just kidding, you idiot.
Geez, what
I do know something?
- We assume myself.
- No, no, no. Listen.
Mr. Ntourosouami the
I promise I will do it.
Please do not
the fuck, Staflor.
Stifler to say.
Asshole!
- Ladies ...
- They left my friend.
Damn!
Kara, how would you go home tonight?
The AJ was supposed to go,
but has not yet appeared.
He found a dumb excuse
on the jet ski.
In think the asshole?
And what would you do?
Can you go?
Come, at the same place we go.
And it is you
responsible if a
Let It Ride
in such a situation.
So?
Kara, sit down please.
My God, I love it
this song.
It's good.
The classic rock
is the best.
Classic rock?
This is classic rock?
Kara will be
drink more water.
Where is the bottle
I gave you?
- It's back here.
- Well.
Sorry, sorry, it was a ...
It was a squirrels
the road and ...
This is not water ...
Mild little more.
I loved everything
the upcoming years.
The job of nanny
never ends.
You know that
always liked it, right?
No. ...
I want to be my first.
Your first ...
Oh, God!
Ok ...
Kara, listen ...
The virginity of a person
is something sacred, right?
You should keep it
for someone special.
- You are special.
- No!
I'm not special ...
Do you think?
What are you doing?
Well, what do you do?
Come on, nobody
I would not know.
No, no ...
No, I think ...
I do not find beautiful?
You are very beautiful Kara ...
- Seriously?
- Yes, very beautiful.
Oh, God!
Notre me!
What ...
Where did you get that?
Come on, I can not think
best birthday gift.
00:42:32.603 ??-> 00:42:34.978
How about a new iPhone;
- No, no.
- The new album of Thodi?
I want!
Do not do that!
It is not right ...
Come stop, Kara!
Shit!
Kara?
Geez!
Kara!
Wake Kara, please, wake up!
Hello!
Jim? What ...
Unbelievable!
- Are you okay?
- Yes. I'm fine, just ...
I bent over to grab something
but everything is okay.
- Everything is okay.
- I do not know if you heard ...
Do not you learned?
I am responsible
for reunification.
Yeah, right!
I've organized all
with the style of the 90s.
I close the Bouktsampouampa.
But assholes
the canceled yesterday.
But you know me now ...
You throw me down,
but I get up immediately.
My God, now
I realized what was happening.
- See you later, buddy.
- Okay, see you.
Geez!
Kara?
Kara, wake up!
- You will fall for a while ...
- What? Kara is not the time to sleep.
Kara, wake up, not hours
to sleep!
Kara!
Bad it!
Too bad that!
What took you so long?
We were looking for Kevin,
but we found him.
Plus that chick
of the Oz drank too
and had to go to
leave the house.
- Bring and him?
- Of course they brought me.
While you were playing the
in high school, I
travaga such gully
every weekend.
Let's see, what
we can do.
Christoula me!
- Well done, Jim!
- There was nothing, Stifler.
Okay?
Nothing happened.
- Your hand away.
- Sorry.
Well, Jim, what
think you do?
I do not know.
I can not
so I leave here naked.
If the cops find and
learn that I am involved ...
- ... The fuck.
- Leaves us two options then.
Give up the corpse, or
put through the hole.
To give up the corpse?
We are not in the Mafia.
Half leptaki, I
go home,
million times
to the next.
Sure I can put
hole through the back door.
As you distract the
her parents, what say you about it?
I am an expert in that Jim!
Trust me, I have.
Good evening, sir.
The car broke down friend.
And wondering
if we could
use the phone
Your Road Assistance.
Want to tell me that none of
'You do not have a mobile phone?
My God, I know you!
You're in "THE
Famous DANCE "!
Oh yeah, the Ostraiker.
- Yes.
- Come inside.
- You did very well, Stifler.
- Shut up asshole hours.
The last time the
I did not have cell phones.
Shit!
Dad.
Look, Mom, Dad!
Kara?
- Kara?
- You must find me!
Kara?
Thank Siranta!
It helped me too
well, I'm getting
3 D evaluation.
And you be careful!
See you.
On the Road spoke Help
and they will come shortly.
Reminds you of something
this song?
You're such a good dancer
Worries that
when a vote to separate.
Thank you.
Where you are more sexy in person.
- To relax a bit, sweetie.
- What? Just say ...
Malacca, he wants to fuck!
- She does not sit on anything!
- Do not be selfish.
I think we should
go to the bathroom.
Kara!
It is not funny!
Come on.
Get out, Kara!
Jim, do not want to worry,
but you do not have much time.
- Yes, I know ...
- I like your scarf!
Would you mind
get a picture?
And, of course.
Somewhere here it is!
- Are you well?
- Yes, yes.
You know something, I admired how
clean is your bathroom.
Thank you.
You know what? I and
I go to the toilet.
No, it is not necessary.
- Come to put to bed.
- You lie down with me?
- No, I will not lie to you.
- Come to bed with me!
- Stifler, what are you doing here?
- I wanted to take a look.
- No!
- I want to see more hours.
- What was that?
- Heard from the outside.
No, it was the
Kara's room.
Kara ...
What the hell is going on here?
Hey, Dad!
How did you get?
- I do not remember.
- Do not remember?
- What was it that sounded?
- I do not know.
- What do you mean you do not know?
- The drinking, right?
- No.
Kara, I have said before
that these boys want
in order to get drunk
to take advantage.
I'm big enough to
understand this, Dad.
I do not want to go to jail
because they broke the
a wood malakismeno
which in kavlantize.
But I will, believe me.
What is this?
A, is the main Mouyyyy!
I bring my
Dad? Please?
Can not you
My angry angel.
- Happy birthday my princess.
- Thanks, Dad.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Stifler!
00:51:32.603 ??-> 00:51:34.061
Up here re.
I told you that I am an expert!
Shit!
What the hell was it again?
Hey, you want to go to
concert by Justin Bieber;
- Jim?
- Come, Stifler!
Go.
You two, stay here.
Do not push me.
Kara, who the hell are you?
I come to your house ...
What the hell ...
What the hell is going on here?
Hello! I thought
will not you come ...
Shit!
- Supposed to ...
- Okay, never mind.
What? No, my God,
not okay.
A thousand apologies, Michelle.
I wanted to just ...
I'm going to let Evan in grandmother
I will have turned up in the afternoon.
No! Wait a minute, Michelle.
Jim, I worry.
- Why worry?
- We are very, asynchronously.
How will we
To continue like this?
I promise that I will do that
I can to make it up, okay?
The Stifler make a party tonight ...
Well, I know that
not romantic, but ...
Remember our first time
was a party of Stifler.
You made me your bitch.
Yes, of course and I did.
- Tell me if it's good.
- What the dick?
So ...
One has a very
free spirit.
- It's something else ...
- Yes it is!
Wait a minute, maybe
I detect a jealousy?
- No.
- No!
Do you remember how to
broke before entering medicine.
I moved to Los
Angeles, no return.
You can not accuse me
I wanted to find something more permanent.
No, not to blame. Just do not
I want to settle down somewhere.
Who is jealous now?
I would not say "permanent" is
I do now with Ron.
- No, the cards are very good.
- What does that mean?
Nothing.
I'm sorry.
You're right.
I am a little jealous.
You know, it's funny.
On some issues
has changed completely.
And still others are self-same.
Heather, I do not know whether to
believe. But nothing changed.
Oh, my God!
Chris Ostraiker?
Hello, girls.
We can draw
a picture?
Yes, definitely.
Dad?
- Hey Dad.
- Hey Jim.
I said to go out for a while.
Now I saw the old
Your videotapes.
- I got the towel, sucker.
- Give it back, Stifler
I am the happiest
man on the planet today.
Yes me and my
Dad is missing too.
I know.
Dad, you were always there
to give me advice.
But if there is something you
like to talk ...
I'm here ... for you.
I do not think there
something that I want to talk.
So ...
Say ... it's time to ...
To know ... another one?
Dad, do not run anything.
What we spend
is perfectly normal.
You know, there
various services ...
Services?
- Yes.
- Like what?
- The happy ending?
- What?
- Why not go there.
- God.
I do not want this kind of massage.
- No, I would say that.
- Jim.
How you came to this?
I do not know that
is dangerous.
- Yes ...
- You can solder things.
- Well, no ...
- Not even want to know.
Those that can
and solder.
Ask Uncle Morgan
Yes I know, it's disgusting.
.. Where was the
hospital for 2 weeks.
I wanted to say that there are
Internet dating services.
No, Jim. At my age?
I think not.
I stopped
game long.
But then we thought
even game.
Dad, do not worry;
I will help.
- You brought the pictures?
- Here.
Yes ...
We need to find
something more recent.
Do you think?
Have something that is more ...
sexy?
I got.
Favorite music?
Katsamba Brothers.
All right.
- Opa.
- Girls, one by one please.
- Interests and hobbies.
- Sudoku.
We will return to just that.
Definitely not remove too many?
My eyebrows are my charm.
Ok ...
Perfect!
- Take a look.
- I get stressed!
It's fantastic!
And fuck the Luke for me!
Not fuse the two eyebrows.
There is mobility!
Why did not
this 30 years ago?
You look fine.
Let me try it
my new style tonight.
The problem is that we're going
Stifler in the party tonight.
Okay then, another time.
But you could
to join us.
I would like very
to leave the house.
I want to warn you though.
The party of Stifler
can escape a little.
What the hell is this?
Who changed the music?
Sorry, we said it would be more
friendly to babies, is not it?
Yes, that is!
Meister tart!
Oh no!
No!
- What hours do nonsense?
- I just got engaged.
- Yes.
- What? Sounds very gay.
Yes, Stifler.
We are gay.
Half the group was gay Lacrosse,
I had to know that, right?
My friend got it to Doug and
Berry jumped to the shower.
I thought I was struggling.
Surely this place
Stifler is the?
Appetizers.
Go to the same
our host, my son!
My God! Look who came!
- Look who came to us!
- Hello.
Hello you.
Sorry you
interrupted the other day children.
Well done on occasion.
Most do not
after such a marriage.
- What are you talking about?
- Changed hair color?
Your friend?
The other is milfaras.
It is here tonight I thought everything
erchosastan together in something like that.
Let's say that friendship is not
are essentially.
Excuse me.
It may be more
this boring party?
It is not so bad.
- Want a couple Boublia?
- No! Why do you have that?
After not eating no
here, what to do!
Definitely do not want any?
Yes, but ...
No! Yes! No!
Okay, then.
More about me then.
- We came we.
- There he is, Finch.
Look around you. The
Believe it done?
Yes, great!
Well you did!
This is for you.
What the hell are you
I have to do with it?
- Wine is said, Stifler.
- No, no, no, no!
Not in my party,
I'm going to get shots.
- Hi, Kevin.
- I can speak for a while?
Yes, definitely.
Wait here, I return.
So ...
- Brought them?
- Here it is!
Let's see them.
Where did the harlot?
- Hi, Steven.
- Mr Levanstin ...
Come eventually.
I am very proud to see you
all back together again in the city.
Suarez and wonderful,
organized tonight!
It's great!
You know what?
I will make you drunk.
- Drink a shot.
- No, I do not drink, Steven, do not ...
- I do not drink much.
- Drink! Drink! Drink!
- Okay, let's go another round.
- I doubt it.
KEB Look, you're not
sure if something happened.
I woke up the next
and we were naked.
Whatever it was,
I feel guilty.
Kevin in France
if your wife
to catch red-handed,
consider adultery.
Here it is.
I must go.
Okay, get ready.
Wait, wait ...
Coming!
And fuck Levenstin sir!
The more
re the best motherfucker.
This sofa
is so soft.
I feel like
Smurfs. The feel?
Yes ... So ...
One, you can ...
Hi guys,
Sorry ... late.
- Hello.
- I brought something for you all.
I made something ... "Dancing With The
Stars ", with Eugenia Manolidou.
- The great Chris Ostraiker.
- My God!
You must see this!
Who wants to see
my baby waving
in the ass?
- Yes!
- I definitely want.
Online dating?
Are you working right?
If you want something of quality, should
to get out to go fishing.
Harpoon? What is this?
This will fish out pussies?
These days my
say "beaver."
I threw a couple of
gkomenakia with it.
I'm sure!
Jim, your dad is
much more cool than you.
All right. Stifler, stop
getting drunk my father.
No, wants to learn to harpoon.
Kala. Come in. Opa Lucky.
Let him get
own decisions.
Stop it. Come.
Do not listen to him. I want to
xeskouriasei the dick tonight.
Go out there and
find any pussy.
De Go!
- No, no! Stifler ... Dad ...
- Exactly what I do.
Stop, because mild
little more tonight ...
- No, no, son.
- ... I can not let ...
Equal barely drank a glass.
You know I love you.
I love you, but you should ...
- Be relaxing.
- To relax? Dad, where are you going?
- Did you see him?
- Jim, just to entertain Aston.
And now we can
have fun.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Here's the bathroom?
You can not even have to admit
why are you so selfish ...
Leptaki ... waited half.
- Can you help?
- Whose are you?
Stifler's mother.
I am the father of Jim.
See you then asshole.
It's the most ridiculous thing
I've never seen me.
- Great, fuck you and the bodies!
- That was Chris Ostraiker!
Surely you kept an entire
season, but it's time
Thank you.
Now is the time,
Chris, where America
will decide whether
will remain.
- Are you ready?
- Yes. Let's see the results.
What? Gilbert
Gkotfri and not you?
Bullshit!
Chris, sorry buddy.
So ...
We saw you break them, but
it's time to collect.
Want to say something
last to the public?
Okay children.
We can
stop here.
What? Kidding now?
I have not seen this point.
What I learned is
To be honest
with myself.
Because that means dance.
Honesty with ourselves, so
danced a little more if
there would be no wars!
NO MORE WARS .
This is pure politics.
Come.
If you want to view
me, tricked.
- Are you okay?
- You know when ...
When you lose something important
not feel well.
- Oz is just a show.
- I'm not talking about the show.
- Heather, are you here?
- I come!
Oh my God, wait here.
Back.
You do not know how many times I entered
Steven's room and got ...
- To have sex with some girl.
- At least it was a real girl.
- What you say?
- Once I entered the kitchen and ...
Jim ... I can
fystikonei a pie.
My God!
He fell into
in 2 seconds.
I have something much better.
Once I came to my room
Steve and I got to put
My brush up his ass.
There was even a part of the handle!
No, no, no!
A beautiful woman like you
should not be
drink so much.
Neither too.
Then what would you say
one to run away?
You know, you do not have
to wait
Up to 30 years
see each other again.
You're right.
I could escort to
in one of your adventures.
- I am a good musician?
- Muse?
I think you will
more ...
All is well?
Better than ever.
Wait, I think
that we are not
appropriately dressed
for the occasion!
- Put this.
- Where are you going?
To change.
Come back soon!
- Hey assholes!
- What happened, man?
- Pink horde?
- The tsimpouklou Christine!
- Are you working right?
- What?
- Well.
- Wait, what the hell are you doing?
- You expect to get your pipe?
- Well, yes!
- I did.
- Wait a minute.
Look, I understand you,
ashamed of your body.
But do not worry.
I'll close the lights.
You're the asshole that he
you were in high school.
Expect to do everything?
While I will not get anything?
- We do.
- No, no, no!
Let's make a deal.
It will make you chyseis
and you the same as me.
- What do you think?
- Well.
- But I will put to work.
- Damn!
Time for action!
There you are!
In searching everywhere.
Listen to me, must be ...
- What are you doing?
- I take what is mine!
No, I just
I hear your voice.
Are you okay?
You sound nervous.
- Nervous?
- There you are!
No, no, no.
I must go now.
- But I will take a while.
- Okay.
And do not worry, you will not see
The Gossip Girl, without you.
- I miss you, baby.
- Me too.
Look, Vicky, on
with last night ...
I was ... not myself.
What happened ...
I do not know ... perhaps in the world
you are normal ...
What do you think happened?
Our clothes were
the floor, right?
Yes, it was wet, because
I got drunk and fell into the lake.
- Take care.
- So, we did not have sex?
- Of course not!
- Thank God!
Glad that you believe
I am such a person.
No!
Vicky, wait!
- Yes! My God! Jump in!
- One, stop!
- My God! Yes!
- A, get off me!
You pour! My God!
Heather ...
What the hell?
Have something with this slut?
Which calls, slut,
paliopoutanario?
- Stop!
- God!
What the hell, why
did you do this, MORI;
- Bastard!
- No, no. One, just wait!
Incidentally, gamithika
by Mario Lopez!
Nice.
Now it's my turn.
- Not this time.
- Hold on. And our agreement?
Now you know
is ... big hordes.
Disgusting!
I do not think think
I would be naive to sleep, right?
As long as you're mine,
I'm happy.
Geez, Kara!
What are you doing here?
The Strange friend, invited
me and my friends.
Incidentally, nice
uniform. Very wicked.
- Damn!
- Do not worry, I locked the door.
Geez!
- What the hell is going on here?
- AJ, what are you doing here?
In followed. Ought
to see with my eyes.
Fucks the first jet-ski
Now me and my girlfriend?
My God, no!
Nothing happened!
- Now the fucked, Sandler!
- Sandler?
What the dick?
Geez!
I'll kill you!
- What the hell are you wearing?
- Can you explain everything.
- Damn!
- Come on, get up!
We will not fight with you, okay?
It's stupid. I am an adult now.
Seriously, why you look like me
a milksop with pussy.
- Do not be a milksop, Jim.
- AJ, calm down. Okay?
What do you think
kariolakia you ...
... And you can fuck
nose at the party's Stifmaister?
Once referred to the
Stifmaister yourself as?
Why is the most pathetic
name never came!
- I'll kill you!
- To Come.
Steve, come on,
this is ridiculous.
- Stop!
- Where do you think you go, kiddo!
Yes! Do not mess with
1999 graduates, bitch!
Finch.
Nobody does not matter
my friends!
Xekavala husband
I palioskato!
Damn!
Cops!
We must leave here.
How do we go from here?
- I need an escape!
- Damn!
You want to be with him?
Great! It is all yours.
Let's do the hours.
Jim, what happens?
Sorry about that.
Can you explain.
Last night I met Kara,
Our neighbor the ...
... And was too drunk to
lead, so I went to my house.
Then started off his
clothes and touch me to ...
Well, I know that does not sound right,
but nothing happened, okay?
- I do not care at all this.
- Thank you ... much.
No, no, no.
Kara, wait, I did not mean that ...
Wait, Michelle. Is not
what do you think, okay?
I swear that I tried
to do the right thing and ...
You must believe me.
Michelle, please.
Not if you believe you or not.
I'm disappointed.
I'll stay in my grandmother.
- Michelle, wait a minute ...
- Jim.
- Ended the fight, children.
- It came about it.
We were on the stolen machine.
Paul Finch was arrested.
- Excellent!
- Sorry, organ.
He won the machine,
betting that
Argentina will take
the World Cup.
- I think you are wrong.
- Paul, what happens?
- What?
- Paul?
- Finch, just tell them it!
- Paul!
Once in the cell gamane
Tonight, think Kevin!
Michelle, I just
to ... please!
Dad?
- Dad? Dad, what are you doing?
- I do not seen!
I'm here.
I'm not here!
- Is it good?
- I do not know.
- What will we do with Finch?
- Finch Fuck him!
Ashton to pass the
night in jail.
Come now, Stifler.
- What a good friend you are.
- I? But you?
Not my call.
I do not send e-mails.
Not commented on
My page on Facebook.
I do not even told how to
come back for mating!
Because we knew, how
somehow ...
You will find ... somehow
to destroy everything.
Sorry, Jim.
I wanted to have fun this
Sat / kitchen, as we did in high school.
Yes, but we are not
in high school anymore.
You're trapped
in the past.
When you realize that
things is not like it used?
All right.
I guess the party is over.
Assholes.
The party was awesome!
I think a lot of fun.
Well, at least
one of us entertained.
- Nothing new from Michelle?
- No.
- He does not want to talk to me.
- What about coming together tonight?
He said he might come,
but maybe not.
What happens between you? Jim,
is something you want to talk?
All right.
How often do you and mom ...
- You know ...
- This is the problem?
- You and Michelle, you have not ...
- Not lately.
No.
There is an erection problem?
Because sometimes, you
to gain a little time ...
- ... with the thumb of the hand.
- God.
- Just say. Well, is not it?
- No, no, that is.
Then it is good to have you in mind
you, because it never fails.
All right. No, things
in this section are good.
But since Evan was born,
moved away somewhat.
And since then
we found at all.
All right.
This is not a problem.
So do not worry.
- The know?
- Yes. Listen to me, Jim.
Before you were born, we did
with your mother every day.
No need to tell me that.
Sometimes even
and two or three times a day.
You know what happened
the 70s,
where many were
experiments.
Your mother liked to
says: "dive for dollars."
And that's something ...
No.
Sorry, but no need ...
I understand.
You do not want to go.
Yes, you do not need.
The point is that when you child
become a dad and mom.
But it is very important to
not cease to be spouses.
If you do this,
will come and sex.
This actually has a lot of sense.
Can not wait
until you find yourself alone.
We should make
free time.
Why do you think were going to
Jewish school 3 times a week?
Sundays until 15:00.
Thursdays, 16:00-19:00.
- Okay, I understand.
- Then why do you ask?
You know what you'll do fine.
Sorry to talk to you.
No, I exaggerate.
I'm sorry.
Just ...
... Thank you again.
Frankly I say.
Whenever you want.
Welcome, folks.
You will find tags
with your names.
Enjoy all.
- Ashley, good to see.
- Hey!
My God, Billy.
You look incredible.
Old was like a whale.
Bis, worried.
- Hello, children.
- Hey, Jim.
- Children. Where is A?
- He left this morning.
- Sorry.
- The Michelle?
- Not sure yet?
- Finch?
What happened? I called the department
over a thousand times.
I appreciate this a lot, Kevin.
But basically, the mother
I paid the guarantee.
Children, Fuck you.
The machine belonged to my boss.
I had promised to increase
but when I gave ...
So ... ...
Simply ... I borrowed.
The truth is that my life
not at all interesting.
I am an assistant director in
Staples / Beyond, in New Jersey.
I lied to the best
My friends and I apologize.
You know, Finch, because you lost all
and you got a boring job ...
Like all of us ... does not mean
that we should feel shame.
- Yes, it does not count any of that.
- Yes.
This means a lot
for me, gentlemen.
What happened to your arm?
Spilled hot coffee on
my time driving.
Hurt too much though!
- Yes.
- Geez, Finch.
See a child here.
So crazy?
Look.
Many memories.
01:25:21.725 ??-> 01:25:22.953
Steve Stifler.
I wish to continue partaroume
with these children.
He showed no sign yet?
I do not occur.
Stifler.
How you found?
We asked your mom.
No, no, I did nothing.
I wanted to apologize.
What we said yesterday
night, do not we meant.
But. And I understand why.
You think I'm an asshole.
All right. In a
how are you little jerk.
But you're funny asshole.
But it ceases to be a jerk.
Yeah dude ...
Were you of the reasons
high school was gamato.
Yes ...
Was in high school fucks.
Yes, it was.
But since the end ...
All began ... to find work,
be married to have children ...
... And other such bullshit.
Look at me now.
I'm the bitch that
Here's part.
Stifler is not
none of us perfect life.
Especially my own.
What do you say to keep the party
and go to intercourse?
Together.
What the hell
going on here? God.
This is the asshole.
You're not even close
to finish
your job ...
Hang out ... and here
talk to your buddies?
Sorry, but
can not explain.
No, Kevin!
- Allow me.
- Yes, Kevin, let's.
I hope you got good
excuse Safler.
Stifler my name, motherfucker!
Who the hell
think you are?
You're the dude
in front of your girlfriend?
Because we both know that
be with you for your money.
Definitely not your dick.
As anyone who has
pee next to you ...
Know ... it's like
little finger of a dwarf.
- This ... not true.
- It is not true ...
Yes it is!
Because you have a luxurious office,
I even chair ...
This does not change ...
they really are.
The truth is that
're still nerd ...
That ... and I can still
to break into the wood.
But I will not do
and you know why?
Because I am
Stifmaister fucking!
You can get
this work and
to put in
poutsotrypa you.
Because I have a
Bringing to run!
Guys!
Incidentally, there
I had a clue what I did here ...
So ... has very
work to do.
- Surprise.
- You did it!
Of course yes!
How about the Panatha
this year? I get it?
If you make the attack
them something to do.
We go back to "Dancing
With The Stars ";
I have not thought at all.
But it should!
Sorry, guys, but
have to forgive me.
Can I interrupt?
I do not know. Promise that
will not get undressed?
D Come to tease.
So?
Yes, of course.
- I'm going to get drinks.
- Okay.
- Hello.
How not to dance
filenaditsa you?
Me and A, we are done.
He wanted to be someone else.
Someone who did not want to be.
And what do you want to be, Chris?
Heather, I want it.
I want us.
And what about your career?
In Los Angeles?
Look, I know
is crazy and ...
I have ... all
answers for now ...
I see ... but very
I just know ...
I want that ... ...
I love you.
And I love you.
Yes we were in the Metro
and suffered a heart
and I saved his life.
Large sousouro happened.
You can gkougklarete.
- Yes it was.
- The guess.
Damn.
Excuse me.
Sorry!
What the hell is happening?
- Ron, I can explain.
- Seriously? With this type?
I am a surgeon, he
The guy is not even on ESPN.
- To relax, Ron.
- What will you do, you hit me?
I have an idea. What would you say,
for a dance competition?
This is not a
reality shows, okay?
This is the real world.
If you give me a punch ...
I do ... I'll sue for
that you have in your name.
I do not have one, motherfucker!
I am an asshole!
- In Fuck you.
- And fuck!
Listen, we had a gamati
idea the other day.
Have you ever considered becoming
party organizer?
Why do we want to organize
in our wedding party.
Yes of course!
- I like!
- Great!
Thank you.
- D Thanks bro.
- Please.
- I have to tell you something.
- I do not need to explain.
Look, Paul, I did not like
because they ascended the Alps ...
Or ... killed a camel
with bare hands.
I like it, because you still
the same nice guy ...
Me ... who was
basically good in high school.
I'm still this
guy. Frankly I am.
You know, the last time
I was here was in the dance.
- I had no escort.
- Neither do I.
- I'm going to get something to drink.
- What?
- Both dance crap?
- Yes.
KEB!
- Tses!
- Let beard I see!
- I go too.
- Thank you.
Kidding.
Well, to finish.
I am a lesbian now.
- From here, my girlfriend, Ingrid.
- I was very happy.
- I.
- Lesbian?
I knew it! Why not kissed
to prove:
You must be a Stifler.
I've heard a lot about you.
- Mostly negative.
- Relax, dude, what the dick?
- Jessica, I was glad to see you.
- Not so.
KEB, I think we should go
to talk to Vicky.
It is very sad.
Yes ... thank you.
- I was very happy.
- Are you man enough! Do you have a beard!
Kevin, no!
I'm fine.
Come on. I was totally asshole
last night.
I am sad because
thought I would do that ...
Knowing ... that you're married.
I know you did not.
Frankly, I felt
more nervous.
When xanaeida, rekindled
old feelings in me and ...
I think I felt ... guilty.
The fact that ...
I still have ...
feelings for you ...
Something ... that means it is
we have is special.
Do not get me wrong.
I love Eli ...
More ... than anything else.
As time passed though,
you will always be my first love.
And you're always mine.
KEB, should try this
of sweet biscuits. It's awful.
Ellie, Vicky from here.
My God!
H. .. Vicky?
Kevin, I have been told
so much for you.
You're very lucky girl.
It's terrible child.
- Come dance with us.
- No, it does not matter.
- I know ...
- Yes, come on!
My name is Jim.
We were together in class
Mr. Li's English.
Seriously?
Yes, but sorry.
They do not remember.
I was the kid that everyone
saw on the internet?
Sorry, you must be
little more accurate.
Who prematurely ejaculate 2 times?
- Jim Levenstin!
- Yes, I'm Levenstin.
Now I remembered.
- How are you doing after high school?
- Well. Pretty good actually.
I married the most
beautiful woman in the world.
And we have the most beautiful child.
Sounds like everything is perfect.
They are willing to do the
Always be on Telly.
And on this I will try
to be the sexiest wife.
Seriously?
- Michelle, you're beautiful.
- Thank you.
- Want to dance?
- We would love.
- Stifler?
- Sherman?
The Sermanothreftis?
What the dick did you?
I was married.
I was a kid ...
... And broke.
- Sorry.
- I'm sure sorry.
But you know what? Least
I kept the small Furlong.
You gave the name of Eddie
Furlong to your child?
Yes, and you know why?
Because the Terminator 2 ...
Is ... still the best
film ever made.
Dude, you must
fuck me urgently!
- You must leave here.
- Time was!
It's a lost cause.
These women ...
Or are married ...
are human or pig.
Dude, what would you say to
an incredible experience?
Hasta la vista, Stifler.
Perfect. everybody jump,
except me.
- Shit.
- Sorry ...
Seeking Paul Finch;
has seen him anywhere?
- What do you want to Finch?
- I came to get him.
I am his mother.
OUAAAA
Finch, a mother?
I mean ... you
Finch's mother:
- Yes. Are you friends?
- Yes!
Paul is my best
friend. I love him so much.
Now more than ever.
Basically, I do not think we
met. I'm Steven Stifler.
I'm Rachel.
What? What happened?
I feel that something very
bad will happen.
Do not worry.
I will be very quiet.
- Easy.
- I kaflosei!
- Yes!
These are!
- I do not think I can hold on!
- Keep the inside of you!
Also, I forgot how
I have missed.
Oh my God, Michelle!
I love you!
Jim?
Nadia?
Sorry! You
busy, right?
- Yes?
- Yes.
Nadia ...
I am very pleased ... to see you.
But you think you can
forgive us for a minute?
- Three!
- Three minutes.
All right.
It's nice that
're still together.
And I see that you have
improved greatly in this.
Thank you.
This is Jim? None
compared with what you say.
You know, when I was in high school
I went out with one of the lacrosse player.
Basically, I went out with
many of them.
What you're saying now.
Paul always wanted to
involved in sports,
but it never interested him.
Needless to
sweetens, Finch is chicken.
Yes, but not
got that from me.
I was head cheerleader.
And if I learned something from them
lacrosse players, is that ...
I like to ...
playing with sticks.
And playing with balls.
I love you.
Are you ready for me, Stifler?
Yes!
Go.
Michelle!
You are amazing!
Best and the
tilefonaki the bathroom?
Much better!
And better than that?
- Take it.
- Should not do that.
- Yet!
- Stifler!
Finch's mom!
- Call me Stifmaister!
- Yes, you're the Stifmaister!
Milf ...
Milf.
- Tell me I'm the best.
- You're the best!
Milf.
Milf!
- Your son is xeneroto!
- Stop talking about him!
Our first reunion
passed and the official story!
I do not know about you, but the
My evening ended very nicely.
- It was wonderful.
- I saw it all!
- It was unforgettable.
- Yes! He finished as a racehorse!
What happened to you, Stifler?
What has?
A gentleman does not say
ever its secrets, Jim.
Children ...
... Coming back.
Sorry for what
I said the other day.
No, I should
to apologize.
I can not believe
how they behaved that way.
I feel ashamed.
You do not.
When I was your age,
I was too obsessed with sex.
I know.
I saw on YouTube.
Of course you saw.
But thank you
for understanding.
Think about it and you were right.
Better to wait
for someone special.
It is difficult to find
good as someone like you.
Well, I'm
sure you will find.
I feel like a new man
after this weekend.
Is that shit
have to go.
Not me.
I'll leave from my job
and arrives shortly with Heather.
- Beautiful!
- You, Finch?
The Selina and I are planning
a short trip to Europe.
To get the phone
Your mother. Miss the most.
How do you know?
I think I finished it.
Back to reality?
You should not expect
until the next mating.
It should
we are every year.
What you say?
Until next time?
- Until next time.
- I jumped the mother Finch!
- What?
What?